the cosa mad at us yet but uh on that
unbought me ahora how many one has been
mlady decide first October about her red
dusty seashell or my walking wallet why
it is ignorable come go ahead alright
son got him not down something harder a
cool and it just dribble columns akin
we're not dealing best water smoke
another what lovely to me ain't figured
but huh smelling hard shot one person
that there's your love a happy number a
little button butter across yeah to buy
them open off go cut the tiny cups at on
capture over the other fella be ready
yeah blemish about the madina munawwara
we need in the clip you Medina's lift
the rock